Update content to account for cluster peering (#16670)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/connect-internals.mdx

To try service mesh locally, complete the [Getting Started with Consul service mesh](/consul/tutorials/kubernetes-deploy/service-mesh?utm_source=docs) tutorial.

## Mutual transport layer security (mTLS)

The core of Consul service mesh is based on [mutual TLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_authentication).

Consul service mesh provides each service with an identity encoded as a TLS certificate. Consul uses this certificate to establish and accept connections to and from other services. The identity is encoded in the TLS certificate in compliance with the [SPIFFE X.509 Identity Document](https://github.com/spiffe/spiffe/blob/master/standards/X509-SVID.md). This enables Consul service mesh services to establish and accept connections with other SPIFFE-compliant systems.

The client service verifies the destination service certificate against the [public CA bundle](/consul/api-docs/connect/ca#list-ca-root-certificates). In addition, the client provides its own client certificate to show its identity to the destination service. If the connection handshake succeeds, the connection is encrypted and authorized.

> The destination service verifies the client certificate against the [public CA bundle](/consul/api-docs/connect/ca#list-ca-root-certificates). After verifying the certificate, the next step depends upon the configured application protocol of the destination service. TCP (L4) services must authorize incoming _connections_ against the configured set of Consul [intentions](/consul/docs/connect/intentions), whereas HTTP (L7) services must authorize incoming _requests_ against those same intentions. If the intention check responds successfully, the proxy establishes a connection. Otherwise, the proxy rejects the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination service verifies the client certificate against the [public CA bundle](/consul/api-docs/connect/ca#list-ca-root-certificates). After verifying the certificate, the next step depends upon the configured application protocol of the destination service. TCP (L4) services must authorize incoming _connections_ against the configured set of Consul [intentions](/consul/docs/connect/intentions), whereas HTTP (L7) services must authorize incoming _requests_ against those same intentions. If the intention's authorization criteria is met, the proxy establishes a connection. Otherwise, the proxy rejects the connection.
```

The cache does not evict entries due to memory pressure. If memory capacity is reached, the process will attempt to swap. If swap is disabled, the Consul agent may begin failing and eventually crash. Cache entries do have TTLs associated with them and will evict their entries if they're not used. Given a long period of inactivity (3 days by default), the cache will empty itself.

## Connections across datacenters

A sidecar proxy's [upstream configuration](/consul/docs/connect/registration/service-registration#upstream-configuration-reference) may specify an alternative datacenter or a prepared query that can address services in multiple datacenters (such as the [geo failover](/consul/tutorials/developer-discovery/automate-geo-failover) pattern).

Each Consul datacenter maintains its own catalog of services and their health. By default, the information is not replicated across datacenters. Cluster peering and WAN federation are two multi-datacenter deployment models that enable service connectivity across datacenters.

### Cluster peering

> You can create peering connections between two or more independent clusters so that services deployed to different datacenters or admin partitions can communicate. An [admin partition](/consul/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions) is a feature in Consul Enterprise that enables you to define isolated network regions that use the same Consul servers. In the cluster peering model, you create a token in one of the datacenters or partitions and configure another datacenter or partition to present the token to establish the connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create peering connections between two or more independent clusters so that services deployed to different datacenters or admin partitions can communicate. An [admin partition](/consul/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions) is a feature in Consul Enterprise that enables you to define isolated tenant domains that use the same Consul servers. In the cluster peering model, you create a peering token in one of the datacenters or partitions and configure another datacenter or partition to use the token to establish a connection to the remote peer.
```
